Print deprecation warning for libGDSII and replace libGDSII with gdstk in tutorials (#3245)
NanoComp/meep: doc/docs/FAQ.md

### What are the different ways to define a structure?

> There are six ways to define a structure: (1) the [`GeometricObject`](Python_User_Interface.md#geometricobject) (Python) or [`geometric-object`](Scheme_User_Interface.md#geometric-object) (Scheme) class used to specify a collection of predefined shapes including `Prism`, `Sphere`, `Cylinder`, `Cone`, `Block`, and `Ellipsoid`, (2) [`material_function`](Python_User_Interface.md#medium) (Python) or [`material-function`](Scheme_User_Interface.md#material-function) (Scheme) used to define an arbitrary function: for a given position in the cell, return the $\varepsilon$/$\mu$ at that point, (3) import the scalar, real-valued, frequency-independent permittivity from an HDF5 file (which can be created using e.g., [h5py](http://docs.h5py.org/en/stable/)) via the `epsilon_input_file` (Python) or `epsilon-input-file` (Scheme) input parameter, (4) import planar geometries from a [GDS file](Python_Tutorials/GDS_Import.md), (5) load the raw $\varepsilon$/$\mu$ saved from a previous simulation using [`load_structure`](Python_User_Interface.md#load-and-dump-structure) (Python) or [`meep-structure-load`](Scheme_User_Interface.md#load-and-dump-structure) (Scheme), or (6) a [`MaterialGrid`](Python_User_Interface.md#materialgrid) used to specify a pixel grid. Combinations of (1), (2), (4), and (6) are allowed but not (3) or (5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are at least seven ways to define a structure: (1) the [`GeometricObject`](Python_User_Interface.md#geometricobject) (Python) or [`geometric-object`](Scheme_User_Interface.md#geometric-object) (Scheme) class used to specify a collection of predefined shapes including `Mesh`, `Prism`, `Sphere`, `Cylinder`, `Cone`, `Block`, and `Ellipsoid`, (2) [`material_function`](Python_User_Interface.md#medium) (Python) or [`material-function`](Scheme_User_Interface.md#material-function) (Scheme) used to define an arbitrary function: for a given position in the cell, return the $\varepsilon$/$\mu$ at that point, (3) import planar geometries from a [GDS file](Python_Tutorials/GDS_Import.md), (4) import 3d geometries from a triangular mesh (into a `Mesh` object), or [`meep-structure-load`](Scheme_User_Interface.md#load-and-dump-structure) (Scheme), or (5) a [`MaterialGrid`](Python_User_Interface.md#materialgrid) used to specify a pixel grid, (6) import the scalar, real-valued, frequency-independent permittivity from an HDF5 file (which can be created using e.g., [h5py](http://docs.h5py.org/en/stable/)) via the `epsilon_input_file` (Python) or `epsilon-input-file` (Scheme) input parameter, or (7) load the raw $\varepsilon$/$\mu$ saved from a previous simulation using [`load_structure`](Python_User_Interface.md#load-and-dump-structure) (Python). Combinations of (1–6) are allowed, but not (7).
```
